Devin Mahadeo
160611174
Workshop 9 Reflection

1. What happens if you try to put your template functions in the Data.cpp?
Does your source code compile of you move all the functions to Data.h?

For this question my code was compiling but because the template class definitions 
are in the header nothing happens and it is also unable to access the csv file.
but when the implementation is in the header with the header definitions the code also
compiles and it run as its supposed to.

2. Move one template function in ws9_lab.cpp. Does it work now? Do you need to define the 
template function above main(), before it is used, or can you define it below main()?

No, when i move the function into the ws9_lab.cpp it still doesnt compile and even after i define the template 
function above main(), before it is used, or after its defined below the main()? it still doesnt compile and work
the code seems to only work when the template functions are defined in the header file in the namespace that is 
specified.

3. Could you have done this lab without templates, by just overloading your functions in Data.h to accept intergers and double arguments?
what is the advantages of using templates? 

Yes im pretty sure that if i could ave completed the function by making overloaded functions that can accept integer
and doubles, but the advantages of using template functions, Template functions are a feature of the C++ programming
language that allows functions and classes to operate with types. this allows a function or class to work on many different 
data types without being rewritten for each one.

4. What is the difference between template<class T> and template<typename T>?

According to the notes the 2 declarations Template<class T> and Template<typename T> are equivalent to one another
and the compiler replaces T with the Argument specified by the Client Code.

5. What have you learned doing this workshop

ive learned how to use templates in my code to be efficient when coding to save me time and another method of getting
code done when i need to finish workshops or milestones. it showed me that compared to all the code ive learned throughout
the semester there is still alot of other concepts to be used it c++ and other ways of doin previous made code that i can
now go back to and try again using these methods to further develope my skills as a coder which will benefit me later 
when i need to 

Quiz 9 Reflection 

1. line 4 cast operator convert student to double
line 7 += that accepts a double as first operand student as second operator
2. line 4 copy constructor
line 7 += overload
line 9 destructor, copy constructor for return by value