NAME: Devin Mahadeo
STUDENT NUMBER: 160611174
EMAIL: Dmahadeo2@myseneca.ca

1) What type have you selected for the ISBN? Explain your reasoning.

I selected the type "long long" for my ISBN because the ISBN was a big interger of numbers and a regular int occupies
4 bytes, and for the size of the ISBN the value that needed to be stored needed to contain at least 64 bits or 8 bytes
so that the program could have enough memory to hold the value of the ISBN.

2)For the at-home portion you had to change the logic that validates an ISBN. How would you design you class in such a
way that if a new update the the validation logic is necessary, you dont have to change anything in the function Book::set(...)?

One way i think i could design my class so that i dont have to change anything in Book::set() is by changing the limits of the 
ISBN and Names's sizes cause even though the size of the number changes the set() function would still use the same process 
to check if the number was a valid ISBN and carry out the program the same way it worked in this workshop.

QUIZ 3

3) In C++, some of the member functions are Queries. Explain what is a query and how do we create one.

Queries are also called accessor methods and it reports the state of the object. To create a query you can use the
const qualifier to show member functions as a query. This doesnt change the state of the object in anyway, which means 
that this query cannot change the value of numbers or any other values depending on the parameters of the function, that 
are included with the const.

Final thoughts on the Workshop

I really struggled with the understanding of this workshop because even though i did read the notes, when it came to actually 
putting the notes into code, i found it hard to code the work correctly, so i was getting errors in terms of all my spaces being 
empty, or spacing issues with the cout.(ios::right,left)(fixed) and other built in functions that had to be used. due to messing
with these i began to get frustrated with my code, because even though it was working it wasnt all correct and i didnt know how to
fix that, i found the modulus part of the workshop the most challenging even though i understand it, and im slowly picking up how to 
code better and alot faster, im going to try to ask question to you during lab time and see if i can get you to explain some concepts
to me that i dont understand. One downside is that im not learning an picking things up fast enough and when it comes to the workshop
im struggling to figure out how to do it just like last semester, and i need to get past this and im going to continue to work toward 
getting better at these




